Building relationships and trust among team members 

We treat each other with dignity and respect.  

We trust each other and maintain confidentiality. 

We do not have conversations about team members that we would not have with them present. 

We do not allow unsubstantiated information to be passed around. 

We assume positive intent in all interactions.  We will give each other the benefit of the doubt. 

We will honour our commitments to each other and the team.  If we say we will do something, we will do it.  

We provide positive, constructive feedback to each other. 

We build open and trusting relationships with each other demonstrating respect at all times. 

We show positive intent in our interactions with each other in the questions we ask and the information we give. 

We provide real-time, open feedback to each other. 

We consciously make time with each team member to build relationships and address business issues. 

 

Team communication 

We communicate transparently, without hidden agendas. 

We share all the information we have, up front. 

We admit when we don’t have the answer.  

We present problems in a way that promotes mutual discussion and resolution. 

We don’t shoot the messenger. 

We communicate decisions and relevant information quickly. 

 

Organizing and conducting meetings 

We respect each other's time. 

We ensure that our meetings are effective. 

We arrive at team meetings on time. 

We publish pre-reading material 48 hours ahead of meetings.   

We complete any pre-work or assignments prior to meetings. 

We are “present” during meetings, avoiding use of laptops and mobile phones. 

 

Handling conflict and disagreements 

We debate ideas in search of better solutions.  We avoid personal attacks. 

We don’t throw each other under the bus. 

We disagree privately and support publicly. 

We make every effort to adjust team decisions so that each team member can live with and publicly support the decision. 

We raise issues with the appropriate people, not behind their backs. 

We refrain from saying “corporate says we have to do it,” and instead we provide feedback/information in a constructive way. 

 

The following three “conflict norms”  

Hunt the Elephant: Address the actual problem. Instead of dancing around the issue, don’t be afraid to state what the “big white elephant” in the room is. 

Welcome the Contrarian: Play devil’s advocate on ideas, process changes, etc. Help us look at things from all angles. Don’t be a “yes-man.” 

TSA Rule: See something, Say something: If something just doesn’t seem right, say something. It could be nothing, but it could be something! 

 

Managing work and projects 

We each own the whole implementation of our projects and products, not just our little piece. 

We strive to continuously improve how we conduct our work and achieve the team’s objectives.   

We think “why not experiment?”  We try new things to see how they work. 

We share accountability for team performance. 

We align to a common purpose. 

We commit to team deliverables. 

We raise issues, after investigation/private discussion, that affect team performance even if the issues are outside our respective areas. 

When we identify critical issues that affect our projects, we adjust our individual priorities to address them. 

We meet our deadlines. 

We live by our norms. 

We are one team, a global team. 

We win as a team and we lose as a team. 
