add mint ginger leamon in your drinking water to make it tasty, so that you drink more water. and all these ingradiants helps loosing fat also.
also add rosemary for hair growth naturally, 
everything you will find in zepto
YOU'VE TO HAVE CLEAN YOUR BOTTLE EVERYDAY WITH WARM AND SOAPY WATER AND LET IT AIR DRY TO PREVENT BACTERIAL GROWTH 


Pickle made up from vinegar, Tandoori Mayoniese, Bad designed shoes/ uncomfortable shows, Bad posture while sleeping due to lack of space bcoz bad is small, sitting improperly on office chair
(sitting with leg tilted , which Mechanical Jugau was informating )=> All these things lead to leg pain , just improve lifestyle for these things and my leg pain went away.
Leamon and Avla doesn't causes leg pain-> vinegar is hazardous for calcium I guess, Vinegar is very acidic , don't eat anything having vinegar


Ye fat koi jadu se nahi aaya. Ye saalo ke consistantly overeating karne se aaya hai. , to abhi fat reduce karna hai to consistantly bhukh se bhi kam khana padega, calory deficit me tabhi to fat reduce hoga
(Consistantly ketla varsh sudhi dar ravivare , samosa,nudles , dhosa, manchurian,panjabi shaak, idli , aluparotha, pani puri, ragdo , pudla, maggi, bhajia, gota , sandwich , breadpakoda, dabeli , vadapau, paubhaji , bhakri bhaji, etc over eating karyu che, gala thi pan upar nu khadu chhe, to have varsho sudhi to atleast below eat karvu padshe , now khavanu to chhoday nai nakar alag alag vitamines and minarlas and nutriants ni kami sharu thai jaay , to karvu shu? to ke 
1]badhu j junk food avoid  kari ne healthy food par switch karo
  (That I"ve already started->since 3 months I've not eaten any maida things, like samosa, kachori, pizza, pau(vada pau, paubhaji,misal pau, dabeli))
  (And gradually started adapting salads like beet, gajar, cucumber, zuccini, amla, lemon, tomato) 
but this needs to be maintained consistantly for the years to get the result , bcoz this body is result of 15 yrs of overeating , now ofcourse for 15 yr we can't do like that then what should we do to get the result quickly? ->check 2nd point)

2] now you are eating good, that will control your fat to increase more, but we don't just want to control, we also wants to reduce the fat, so, to reduce what shall we do? ->ofcourse we need to burn more calories, that's why along with consistant diet , you need consitant gyming , consitant exercises you'll need to do.

Khana kam nhi karna hai , khana utna hi hai but bas healthy khana start karna hai.
Khana kam karoge to bahot sare aur problems aa jaenge that's not desirable.


why shouldn't we do same exercise everyday? 
bcoz when you do an exercise it will break the tissues of that muscle , now it needs time to recover->muscle tissues breaking and rebuilding(recovering) that's what make them bigger eventually
now you are daily just breaking one tissues , by doing same exercise everyday, you are not giving enough time for that muscle to recover, if they are not recovered then how can it will look bigger
you need to give enough time to every muscle to recover 


Alpino Chocolate peanut butter vs Alpino natural unsweetened smooth peanut butter
Although chocolate one tastes soo good ( although not much good than the natural one) but chocolate peanut butter has lot's of additional suger in natural there's no suger at all while in chocolate 3x to 4x more suger present + good fats are missing in chocolate which are present in natural 
Hence go with natural peanut butter always 
+ Chocolate PB has preservative agents also which are not good for health
