Ghare beta ke pg e betha betha kai kaam thatu nathi , since you are not beign monitored by anyone so you are directly jumping on corn and once you started corn you ended up wasting atleast 2 to 3 hrs on that. and after that ofcourse you will not want to work again as you are into the world of internet and you've soo many things to watch on youtube , to surf on flipkart,amazon,myntra,meesho,shopsy. you will end up wasting another 2 to 3 hrs and your day is gone. bcoz you will also take nap of for sometime . and all the days at home were like these only means at home we are not working hence take WFH minimum or if you are taking WFH then make sure you are doing it properly and dedicating all your 8 hrs to your work only. after 8 hrs you can do whatever you want. but ofcourse not before that and not in middle of the work. 

Surat is big city and it has big station and ofcourse there are lot's of people who will travel from there as compare to Bharuch. that's why as per the google data, they are saying that big stations has dedicated quota of seats for trains. hence they have separate set of seats as well as separate reservation waiting list quota also as compared to smaller stations like bharuch,vapi,valsad,navsari,nadiyad,anand etc... 
and that's why from surat many seats were showing available but from bharuch there were waiting lists
and also from surat RLWL is showing but from Bharuch PQWL is showing 
means bharuch is included in pool of smaller stations but surat is inculeded in dedicated remote stations waiting lists
and as per google RLWL has higher chances of getting confirmed as compared to PQWL. 
Hence next time whenever you see seats are available from Surat but not from Bharuch but Bharuch has less WL but it's PQWL then never ever book from Bharuch bcoz you are in pool not in dedicated quota of WL hence always book from Surat as you are getting CNF ticket from there immediately. and you can take 50rs general ticket from Bharuch till surat. it's not the big deal but you get the mental peace of having confirmed seat.you don't again and again need to check how much is the PQWL moved , if you book from Bharuch. Ofcourse if seats are available from bharuch then definately you can book it. but don't book in case of WL.check from surat bcoz therea are high chances that you'll get from seats available from there and even if WL then also book from surat bcoz there you'll get RLWL and from surat it also moves faster then compare to PQwL of Bharuch.

In the name of brand Amazon sells all duplicate products. The shoes I bought from flipKart was costly bcoz it's original. and in the name of brand if someone is selling cheap product then definetly it's duplicate and very bad quality product. People are complaining that within 2 days steaching is getting out, pad from below is getting rid off shoes is getting holes within few days it's not the original but the cheap copy of the original shoes they are selling on Amazon hence never order branded stuffs from Amazon if they are selling in cheap rate. FlipKart is still ok and ofcourse most trusted is still Myntra. even Ajio sells cheap products. 

Anand was staying in pg although he was earning 14 LPA , still was living in 7500 per month pg where food is also included 
because of this he was able to make his own house worth 22 lacks he was able to make 2 gold chains worth rs 5 lacks and also
able to gift gold chain ,nose ring and ear ring to his wife and still planning to buy car for him and apart from this 
every 4 month he is going and coming by plane only, and he is properly maintaining his physical health also

he said about physical health from his 5 months of gym experience where he reduced 14 kgs of weight
that never ever eat rice, and even if you want to eat rice then eat very less and that also in day time only
never ever eat rice at night , you can eat subzi and roti but not rice 
rice is responsible for the fat
another thing is vada pav never ever eat vada pav, it causes lots of fat -> in company in evening after 4 pm if I want to eat anything then either eat menduvada from south or eat dahi bhel from north or brown bread sandwich.
in movies when any scene for actors need to shoot where they have to be very fat , at that time to make them fat , usko mota
banane ke liye vada pav khilate hai, vada pav to kabhi bhi mat khao

now it comes to the cheat meal day whenever you've eaten some junk food then at that day  you've do to lots of lots of gym
at that day you need to do double the gym as compare to usual days, actors actresses also eat junk food but when they eat 
at that time they also burn lots of calories by doing double exercise.

now Anand also said to skip one meal in a day and instead eat salads and fruits that's what his instructor at gym said
although he is civil engineer and only does physical work still skipps one meal and eat's only two time in a day and 
for 3rd meal he eats salads and fruits only, so as a computer engineer where I don't need to do any physical work I can easily 
skip one meal and try fruit plate or green salads because here in pg they are not at all provides green vegies so I can try that at aftr noon 

Ananad was doing rigrous gym + physical activity at work still skipping one meal and only eating 2 meals and there also 
never eat rice only eat sabji roti , and that made her body very flexible , he became very active ,his stamina was at next 
level he was able to play cricket for entire day and so many other benefits, all people were using lift to climb at site Anand was using stairs that much stamina he able to got and all his hands legs were become very flexible

agar pet nahi hota to umar kam dikhti hai , that's why everyone is saying I'm big brother , Rahul is yonger brother 


even NITans and who studied in US and work in US , they are also not that inteligent , they just tried every oportunities they could utilize to go to us , they are not at all inteligent , bcoz by sitting here I've cought their regresssion 
check Anish chakkirala https://www.linkedin.com/in/anish-c-195a7495/ , see what he has written in his bio 

With a Master’s in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Michigan and a B.Tech from NIT Trichy, I bring strong expertise in software development, machine learning, and research. Currently, as a Software Development Engineer at Siemens, I’ve developed core components for the Siemens Web Framework, used by 10,000+ Teamcenter customers, automated processes to reduce defect rates, and improved testing efficiency. My previous experience includes LSTM-based speech processing research at IISc Bangalore and impactful projects such as a Police Complaint Management System app and phishing detection using deep learning. Proficient in Python, JavaScript, React.js, Node.js, and tools like TensorFlow and Flask, I am driven to contribute to innovative technology solutions that deliver real-world impact.

and aava loko na regression hu pakdu chhu. 



--------
JOdhpuri set was very very nice , but I'm Krishna that's why it did not suited me but tha's very well prepared, feeting was just amazing
My father has found great shops for me which gave me great professional cloths like blazer, jodhpuri and ethinc garba , which even crorepatis like bunty jigar and Husan mama doesn't have even their cloths were looking cheaper as compare to mine, neither that Bholu has , even his jodhpuri was looking bad in front of mine, they are litterally crorepatis still my cloths were far better.
kalo hu chhu kapda(jodhpuri) kharab nathi, jo hu dholo hot athva hirla e jo e jodhpuri peri hot to aakhi jaan ma to shu, pan bey jaan ma and bey taraf chhokra and chhkri badha j loko je pan tya present hata ema thi aa jodhpuri jeva kapda koi na nota lagta , mari jodhpuri ek dum mast banavi ti sajavat vala e to. eni jetli quality and stylish and traditional and professional bija koi na kapda nota lagta , bov mast hati, pan hu kalo chhu etle pachhi mane jetlu saru lagtu hoy etlu j lage ne

Shining shoes jya sudhi chokkha hoy tya suchi j sara lage, means only for indoor, outdoor events mato ema dhul bov j dekhay
in my all the cloths, professional,casual,ethinic every cloth, my mahadev's mala was really looking good when it's entirely outside , everyone was saying same that it's looking very good
but I did not trusted anyone, but really at that point of time in marriage, everyone was just saying what was good for me , but I failed to trust others, I have to learn trusting others , if I had trusted Jijaji and Pratik and sanjay bhai who were saying it's looking very good then my photos were came even more excellent in marriage also

Chashma full black pan saraj lagta ta , ek dum commando lagto hato etle side na patta to jada j mane sara lage chhe, manish na side ni didli patli hati , e bov mane sara nota lagta
etle side na to dandla jada j sara lage chhe mane but kyarek kyarek full black motiya na lage, etle full black reva dyo , e to use karish j tadaka ma but thoda ochha black and blue type ke brown type tinted hoy thoda transparent hot to sona ma sugandh bhali jay

Bhagvaan je kare e sara mate, haru thyu mane bhagvane viday jova no moklyo, mane to phota joine pan rovu aave chhe to tya vidaay jova gyo hot to to hu tya ne tya j rova mandyo hot 
etle mari laaj rakhva bhagvane mane tya no moklyo , e have mane khabar padi. etle je thay te sara mate j 

badha nu kaik ne kaik kaam pade j chhe , Jigo pan nakamo nathi , eni ertiga lagan ma kaam aavi gai, etle sari gadio mate jigo kaam lagshe
Anil , vishal bhai ni gaadi bagdi gai to ene lai aavyo ema kaam lagyo. etle parivar no ek sabhy thodok nablo hoy, ek thodok takatvar hoy , badhana alag alag lakshan hoy pan badha j jaroori chhe ek sampurn parivaar mate, ek sukhi parivaar mate, unban bani shake, jagda thai shake pan ena mate sambandh todata nathi
DinBapu for ganda ne tagdvama , bapu vaghrano ne kadhava mate. 

Marathi bov moti bhul thai gai. I helped Avinash fetching git lab mr's code, and he found it very usefull , and his issue was resolved, so, I should have told him , congratulations, instead I told them Thank me later ,  ,bhai vo tumse 100 times bade hai experience me , to, je thank me later valo swag chhe, e girls mathe vaparay, and aapdi sarkha friends hoy eni sathe vapray , aapda thi senior hoy eni respect karay.


Nhi pata -> is obvious , if we haven't done anything like that before then how can we know that in advance? -> so, it's very normal situation 
how to come out of it? -> puchho na jisko aata hai usko , hume to nhi aata to 5 10 logo ko puchho tabhi to pata chalega. 


https://www.linkedin.com/posts/anshul-chhabra-46ba9b113_if-youre-preparing-for-coding-interviews-activity-7307669258895822848-u82i?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop&rcm=ACoAACbTsuABqABICaON8DejiQuw2Nyh-0JPUIo

-------------------------
Even Jinu is copying my hair style and my clothing styles and my shoes styles, and Santosh as well, 
Mradul started wearing shoes after watching my style of wearing shoes , and he keep noticing my shoes, and as soon as I came wearing new shoes he said , are new shoes, !!! -> means what people do notice you all the time , ,what you wear , your outfit everything people do notice . 
Even when I was in framework team, there also Amit, Viral and Jignesh all 3 were following my style of weering cloths and shoes 
Even Sunil never came in shoes , he always comes in champal , shirish was coming in sandles till hi noticed my shoes and color and both then came by wearing shoes like me. 
Aa aapde gujarati , aa aapdo confidance , people follows our trend. and aapde divel pidhela farie ? ? are moj karo ne bhai. 

everycompany has the limit to pay, Infosys had the limit to pay me , that kitne bhi inteliggent tum kyun na ho, 20% se jyada to hum tumhe nahi de sakte
TCS had their own limit that kitne bhi inteligent tum kyun na ho 30% se 1 rupiya bhi jyada hike tumhe nahi de sakte, unhone bas 30% tak hi mera hike accept kiya , uske aage to mera ek shabd suna bhi nhi and samne se ok ok karke phhone hi kaat diya sali HR ne to. 
Siemens has also their own limit to give you hike. bcoz Jinesh was the most inteligent person here, and ofcourse he must have got huge hike outside , and that siemens can't afford to meet that range so, he is leaving siemens. 
Jinesh is gold medalist of walchand, and the most inteligent in entire BOM not just in configurator still siemens has the limit. 

aaje pachho ek aur muratiyo, mari hair style copy kari. 

so, work to e nu e j karvanu chhe , but you have to change the bigger company who has bigger budget. 
ofcourse we're just seeing people are switching companies, but we are not seeing how much effort people have put it to switch their company. 
Ofcourse badhane paisa valu thavu chhe , etle vadhare paisa aape evi company ma pan badhane javu hoy ne , parvat ni toch upar badha ne j pochvu chhe bcoz tyathi duniya sundar dekhay , etle competition to vadhare j revanu 
but impossible to nathi j kai pan , etle vadhare budget vali company ma java mate tamare vadhare efforts pan lagadva to pade pade ne pade j but ek samay aavshe ke jyare aa badhu ek game jevu thai jashe , etle put in more efforts and your sal will go sky high like rocket. 
-----------------------------------

product samajta , technology samajta , 1.5 year thi 2 year to lage j , tame day 1 thi kyo ke mane badhi khabar padi javi joie to e kyarey no thay mota. 
infosys ma pan me 1.5 varsh karya pachhi to e project no hu Rano bani gyo to 
have siemens ma pan me same stack upar 1.5 yrs kadhya etle have mane dhire dhire badhi j khabar padva mandi chhe . etle day 1 thi badhu j khabar no pade, patience rakhvu pade, and bhagvaan aapdi sahan shakti ni pariksha leto j reto hoy chhe , je jetlu vadhare sahan shakti dharave , jetlu vadhare ubho re , ene etlu j vadhare bhagvaan aape chhe fal, etle 1.5 yrs taki revu e ek pariksha chhe bhagvaan ni  . , 1.5 years taki gya to pachi moj j moj chhe bas aa vastu yaad rakhvani chhe, 

Govind kaka bichara e j to kai kai ne thakya, sayam , and dhiraj ni jaruur chhe, tame 5 varsh ni process ek hare kai dyo chho and puchho chho ke aa vastu kevirite hu 1 mahina ma melvi shaku? -> Govindkaka k chhe, k e possible j nathi. 
Dhiraj rakho, sayam rakho, and bhagvaan ni pariksha ma taki ryo , badhu j malshe. 

and you don't know everything ofcourse for the product, so you have to ask someone who knows the product better and have more experience with the technology and the product then you , and definately they will give you reply. senior s/w engg, manager, scrum master ne shu dhadhi karva bethadya chhe, ene etle j to bethadya chhe ke jr. engg na doubt solve karva and for the new people who doesn't know anything abt product , to help them only they are exists, baaki ene shu kaam chhe
---------------------------------------
do one thing at a time. 
pela pizza chhodya, pachhi vadapau chhodya , have samosa chhodya , kachori chhodi 

pela Daily garam pani pivanu sharu karyu, maja aavi , dhire dhire body mathi hydration j vayu gyu tu e pachhu aavi rahyu chhe

pachhi , salad khavanu sharu karyu , aur maja aavi, body feels better, , ungh bapor na samaye aavti bandh thai gai, bhukh lagti bandh thai gai, halan chalan vadhi gyu bcoz pg e javu aavu pade ne , and nutrition pan malva lagya j ne bhai. same with fruits , also khavanu sharu karya chhe. so body is getting required antioxidents and nutritions. 

pachhi have dhire dhire Coper ni bottle mathi garam pani pivanu sharu karyu, etle pela je constipation retu tu , e have nathi retu and aakho londo ek sathe j nikli jaay chhe and alag j release thaya ni feeling aave chhe. 

aa 1 mahina sudhi chalu rakhvanu chhe, aama success jao pachhi have dhire dhire Gym pan chalu karvanu chhe, pachhi joie kon roki shake chhe mane. 

take one step at a time , be better at it, solve your life one step at a time. 
-------------------------------------------
Peanut butter is must for hair growth

------------------------------------------
Google says for initial attraction physique plays a pivotal role ,  so, if I want to attract for initial attraction (love at first site) ofcourse I have to build the good physique)
pachi to joi leshu but start karvu that's the most most important thing 
